We went through results from the following methods:
  - reads as reference
  - alleles as reference, top-20 100%-identity reads
  - alleles as reference, normalize score by allele length

### Discussions
1. We didn't see significant difference between read-as-ref and allele-as-ref methods.
Due to better computational efficiency, we tend to apply allele-as-ref methods.

2. Normalizing score by allele length is helpful for at least two abnormally-long alleles 
(_TRAV8-5*01_ and _IGKV2D-23*01_), so we suggest applying normalization.
It turned out both alleles mentioned are pseudogenes.
It's still open whether to include pseudogenes in our finalized analysis, 
but since excluding them may result in higher false positives, and it's also interesting to 
understand pseudogenes better, we tend to include them in our analysis for now.

3. BCR genes are more error-prone because our reference material cell lines are transformed by EB virus. According to the previous studies, B cell repertoire is suggested to lose diversities if the cell line is transformed by EB virus . Moreover, our preliminary analyzing data can validate this statement.

The result of ''- alleles as reference, top-20 100%-identity reads'' : 
TCR
found: 159
missed: 1
false_pos: 17

BCR
found: 265
missed: 36
false_pos: 59

The performance of TCR is better than BCR. We agree it's better to focus on TCR genes during method development.

### Next
1. Look at top-scored false positives in IGV

2. Find reads labelled to alleles in each "allele cluster", where alleles are similar to each other.
Then perform a second-stage classification.
Ideally, a correct allele should be matched with "high quality", i.e. near-100% identity and near-100% coverage, by a number of reads.
Thus, in the second-stage, we select all high-quality alleles as our final call. 
Hopefully the second-stage can filter out some alleles which are highly-related to true allele(s) in the cluster.

An example is: The lengths of alleles A_1 and A_2 are 200 and 205 bases, respectively.
A_1 and A_2 are the same in the first 200 bases, so a 5-bp tail is shown only in A_2.
Assume A_1 is the true genotype, it's easy to find long high-identity BLASTn hits in A_2 as well.
Using pure scoring-based method, distinguishing A_2 is difficult.
However, since we have 300-bp Illumina reads, it's less likely that there are reads also overlapping the 5-bp tail for A_2.
